He is Truong Huc Dong.
Did the Shen family's son-in-law appear out of nowhere?
Tham Huyen Huyen and her friend have an engagement.
She brought him here.
Want the whole city to see me laugh?
Sorry, I do not allow this engagement.
There is a great saying, a good dog does not block the way.
Please give way to Trieu school.
Sooner or later you will be my woman.
I do not argue with you.
As for you, just kneel down and beg me for forgiveness.
I will release you today.
Is she mentally ill?
Young Master Trieu
Why such a big gift?
Today you are just a small lesson.
I warn you.
Stop bothering my girlfriend, let's go.
Good job.
The young lady's request dares to be perfunctory?